#Event Scenarios

1.	Add a new hotel: 
Create a new hotel with appropriate information about the hotel as input parameters. 
Minimum parameters are Address, Phone, Event Room Types available etc. Have in mind that you will need more parameters.

2.	Find a hotel: 
Provide as input the address of the hotel and return its hotel ID

3.	Display hotel info: 
Given a hotel ID, display all information about that hotel

4.	Add Event Room: 
Given a hotel ID, add a new room for a specific event to that hotel. 
The room types are: Small Hall, Medium hall, Large hall.

5.	Report Hotels and Event Rooms In State: 
Given a state, display event room information of all hotels in that particular state. 
Include total capacity per event room type per hotel. 

6.	Show available rooms by type: 
Given a hotel ID, display the count of all available rooms by room type. 

7.	Make an event reservation: 
Input parameters: Hotel ID, guest’s name, start date, end date, event type, date of reservation, number of people attending, etc. 
Output: event reservation ID (this is called confirmation code in real-life). NOTE: Only one person can make an event reservation. However, the same person can make multiple reservations. Event types: Birthday, Wedding, Conference, Workshop, Hackathon, University Admission, etc. Also make sure that the reserved hall has capacity that can hold the number of people attending. For example, for a conference of 500 people, a customer must reserve 2 medium halls and a large hall for each day of the conference, usually 3 consecutive days.

8.	Find an event reservation: 
Input is a person’s name and date, hotel ID. Output is event reservation ID

9.	Cancel an event: 
Input the event reservationID and mark the reservation as cancelled (do NOT delete it)

10.	ShowCancelations: 
Print all canceled events in the event management system. Show event reservation ID, hotel name, location, event type, room type, dates.

11.	 Change an event Date: 
Input the event reservation ID and change event start and end date, if there is availability in the same or larger room type for the new date interval

12.	Change an event RoomType: 
Input the reservation ID and change reservation room type if there is availability for the new room type during the reservation’s date interval

13.	Show specific event: 
Given an event type (Birthday, Wedding, etc.) display all events of that type in all hotels along with the address of the hotel and the date of the event.

14.	Show events by person: 
Given a person’s name, find all events under that name

15.	Total Monthly Income Report: 
Calculate and display total income from all sources of all hotels. Totals must be printed by month, and for each month by event and service type. Include discounts. 

16.	Event Invoice: 
Input: Event reservationID
Output: 
•	Name of person that reserved the event
•	Event room number(s), rate per day and possibly multiple rooms (if someone reserved several rooms) 
•	Services rendered per date, type, and amount
•	Discounts applied (if any)
•	Total amount to be paid 


17.	Add a service to an event: 
Input: Event reservationID, specific service. Add the service to the event for a particular date. 
Multiple services are allowed on a reservation for the same date. For meals make sure to multiply the amount by the number of people attending the event.

18.	Reservation Services Report: Input the event reservation ID and display all services on this reservation. 
Also print the number of attendees of the event. Print “no services for this reservation” if none exists.

19.	Show Specific Service Report: Input the service name, and display information on all reservations that have this service in all hotels

20.	Services Income Report: Given a hotelID, calculate and display income from all services in all reservations in that hotel.

21.	Income by State Report: Input is a specific state. 
Print total income from all events as follows: 
Each output line should contain information of a specific event ID (income from room type, income from services, total income of this event). 
At the end a grand total of all events income. Include discounts.
